docs: spelling, formatting, etc updates (#23306)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/upgrading/overview.md

  please make sure to check upgrading details in both [v1.3 to v1.4](./1.3-1.4.md)  and  [v1.4 to v1.5](./1.4-1.5.md)
  upgrading instructions.
* The major release introduces backward incompatible behavior changes. It is recommended to take a backup of
  Argo CD settings using the [disaster recovery guide](../disaster_recovery.md).

> After reading the relevant notes about possible breaking changes introduced in a newArgo CD version, use the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After reading the relevant notes about possible breaking changes introduced in a new Argo CD version, use the following
```
